## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-9mu2JKpUImscOMmwjm1y6MA2YsW3amSoFNYwKeUHxaXYKQ1naywWmamEGMdviEen"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-uBlc/xEFeDxZmBU7K/YWwi3ryXQrLQCAY2K1Dl3OD2DaAQBZZTt6Ew3aeDP20ix0 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-4qer4rJCVxZjkwD4YaJfOnT2NOOt0qdjKYJM2076C+djiJ4lgrP1LVsB/MCpJSET /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-12GbYFzdyZCSmfBTmO2CR/qE89K5uE1PEuJ3QUwXH0Q9u+uoLNigjH9dG7LAxxiI /es/languages/json.js
sha384-+DT7AtubDhVDciRc6CgjJJRsCt0L8NC3Dh8n9Tj2tZWU8rWxDIj1ViubmUDn8OCY /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-JBkI+6623OoC1qCgG+MY/Ta0qRYSzTDH4NGMA+7U8RNOjkh7geFvYpRidvdHs3zT /es/languages/php.js
sha384-6Znh5S5q9F0hGNMtdaihFL3RJeMqL1a/UecjgzaBrhoxe4sjd5aiEOgokt7blhSW /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-TTDGPCrk8Dg2oW6NghGM5WJQPbi34BdYJj6yfsDiGXlM5os/SebXT6KzATp19rzo /es/languages/plaintext.js
sha384-XXx7wj9KPm08AyGoGzzFKZP2S7S+S5MbKMPnQcWUyhJ3EjHvLuctK/O1ioJnG2ef /es/languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-lRhSX2XDrY27NzrAS1t4YaeRtwjsY41kFBbIEYltkmnsfSE7lbBJMQVds2u/MqTT /es/languages/scss.js
sha384-RDUehV4j9Do6iGkYq9Gjn3aUxh6x+NFER1sHpLUXsNoCFjah8Ysrlad8ukLbIr4J /es/languages/scss.min.js
sha384-GeSC35L2abDL10oBSI0dwmV6CU8FxO8EJn5fTlIaHC8o57sZ28pgPCzDRFfjo410 /es/languages/twig.js
sha384-Bll0N6Bv3PBNceR+4FI/xj/vKUrRYkGyy0oHArQg7yjocZ4goBU/MlbynwkpxynM /es/languages/twig.min.js
sha384-CS3qiWid6Sod3yAiQwgPzy2ZerR00u/cwhnMxQrETuI74o006r1p5qj1U9Gdo4uD /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-HHgazax8ozQ9RDWlJQyaFzaTk/OgTFRVHH+lcaYInkE8wVu5fnpkqkB3KUdzKcvE /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-MX3xn8TktkjONV3aWF6Qn6WZyq2Lh/98p0v7D0qEoJ4WLdYjoAyXF/L/80q3qaEc /es/languages/yaml.js
sha384-4IiaMbQ0LBiRJYBGoAXsN+dV9qu/cGLES6IuVowdeCu/FAMY5/MQfD/bHXoL2YBb /es/languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-qbbaBGYYg7PdopdWOGj8KdkBosUDY5PAe3aTMJKTqWcriPBJJzCVu5BlwNEwqr9U /languages/bash.js
sha384-ByZsYVIHcE8sB12cYY+NUpM80NAWHoBs5SL8VVocIvqVLdXf1hmXNSBn/H9leT4c /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-dq9sY7BcOdU/6YaN+YmFuWFG8MY2WYJG2w3RlDRfaVvjdHchE07Ss7ILfcZ56nUM /languages/json.js
sha384-RbRhXcXx5VHUdUaC5R0oV+XBXA5GhkaVCUzK8xN19K3FmtWSHyGVgulK92XnhBsI /languages/json.min.js
sha384-S1JDGPScVg8ikNKLZc4CSP0ZxLiJ7bOJMzTLfOzQiCxR6wPqAa+YtauHJXQpc2GV /languages/php.js
sha384-c1RNlWYUPEU/QhgCUumvQSdSFaq+yFhv3VfGTG/OTh8oirAi/Jnp6XbnqOLePgjg /languages/php.min.js
sha384-IHapUcPkNR+7JNsR+qYSVYGCE3Dpzo2//VYWtmGYrw3eQG1RItQ7HYq6aK1Jo/6L /languages/plaintext.js
sha384-ofjxHpechXkaeQipogSyH62tQNaqAwQiuUHOVi4BGFsX5/KectIoxz16f8J/P5U0 /languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-fwYddFsITuK2bPhi9RuIzwi4PTULEXgtEJsQzTdx97vOS/GHfrk+aNSLxEHgzQa5 /languages/scss.js
sha384-6u+QpCDqQidb5pcO+yBqy0xLJ30x30VlrFvXm8J84LMwGIw9q3U4u+Z9vFXlhB5x /languages/scss.min.js
sha384-M6Xb+A01UtgwR4nr8CBs6F51q0xe6hLSjT0AErnSSBeYKnEYWLmsaCn2H+WF/96/ /languages/twig.js
sha384-+o+wt9LKrJr093fuXe59myi53sotEZ0z9+zFloHncK3RudScyrwBfGFj8oW5urR+ /languages/twig.min.js
sha384-yZXtQC/OmWoPykosK7vE1nCvV4E/six6+apjNau4JwBkejkea5nP7VBEJJkGnvoF /languages/typescript.js
sha384-ORwtVEfrCZ0gzGacgmfv1wOtxcPIaVfHKwq8dKQjObRwx3qpKjsSg1ldTu1PEgXd /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-tB5cwwsX4Ddp7P4d+ZInDb3nt4ihEEglHXoQ18eVLlT7soEn7bfGfABWKIn1l+H2 /languages/yaml.js
sha384-WC56y8OaFPt5Kj2HX6JAumxUYEjQmBDcSTJy2pn/N8g7dg1hKjeNVrJYoxlpeVmz /languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-ZiTvNNnaGtU8TPxBWUUxZ/hkGusRml05zJhS92LrAEoUn48usIEl4KJbTlWlmAhX /highlight.js
sha384-+MfsFBFkT6iVzIZQdJXZhseqSxlDITqLzNxTYV2yuTOHHd/1rpwr8hNGr8Tv7bDM /highlight.min.js
```

